ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS
In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the following factors, which could materially affect our business, financial condition or results of operations in future periods. The risks described below are not the only risks facing our Company. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations in future periods.
Obesity and other health concerns may reduce demand for some of our products.
Consumers, public health officials and government officials are highly concerned about the public health consequences associated with obesity, particularly among young people. In addition, some researchers, health advocates and dietary guidelines are encouraging consumers to reduce consumption of sugar-sweetened beverages, including those sweetened with HFCS or other nutritive sweeteners. Increasing public concern about these issues; possible new taxes on sugar-sweetened beverages; additional governmental regulations concerning the marketing, labeling, packaging or sale of our beverages; and negative publicity resulting from actual or threatened legal actions against us or other companies in our industry relating to the marketing, labeling or sale of sugar-sweetened beverages may reduce demand for our beverages, which could affect our profitability.
Water scarcity and poor quality could negatively impact the Coca-Cola system's production costs and capacity.
Water is the main ingredient in substantially all of our products. It is also a limited resource in many parts of the world, facing unprecedented challenges from overexploitation, increasing pollution, poor management and climate change. As demand for water continues to increase around the world, and as water becomes scarcer and the quality of available water deteriorates, our system may incur increasing production costs or face capacity constraints which could adversely affect our profitability or net operating revenues in the long run.
Changes in the nonalcoholic beverage business environment and retail trends could impact our financial results.
The nonalcoholic beverage business environment is rapidly evolving as a result of, among other things, changes in consumer preferences, including changes based on health and nutrition considerations and obesity concerns; shifting consumer tastes and needs; changes in consumer lifestyles; and competitive product and pricing pressures. In addition, the nonalcoholic beverage retail landscape is very dynamic and constantly evolving, not only in emerging and developing markets, where modern trade is growing at a faster pace than traditional trade outlets, but also in developed markets, where new formats such as discounters and value stores, as well as the volume of transactions through e-commerce, are growing at a rapid pace. Our industry is also being affected by the trend toward consolidation in the retail channel, particularly in Europe and the United States. If we are unable to successfully adapt to the rapidly changing environment and retail trends, our share of sales, volume growth and overall financial results could be negatively affected.
If we fail to realize a significant portion of the anticipated benefits of the acquisition of CCE's North American business, the value of your investment in our Company may be adversely affected.
On October 2, 2010, we acquired CCE's North American bottling and distribution operations. We believe the acquisition will enable us to evolve our entire business in North America, including the acquired operations, to more profitably deliver our valuable brands in the largest nonalcoholic ready-to-drink beverage market in the world. When we determined to make the 

11



acquisition, we believed that the transaction would, among other things, enhance our ability to create a more fully integrated and adaptable supply chain in the North American market to allow our combined North American business to more efficiently and effectively operate our distribution chain in the North American territories and enhance revenue opportunities; create a unified operating system in North America that will address the unique needs of the North American market; strategically position us to better market and distribute our products in North America; improve efficiencies by streamlining operations and reducing or eliminating the costs, expenses, management time and resources associated with interactions and negotiations between the previously separate organizations; allow us to optimize and improve the efficiencies of manufacturing and logistics operations in North America through economies of scale and geography; generate significant operational synergies; facilitate and increase the pace of innovation and new product introduction in North America; and optimize our operating model and improve the strategic planning process, increasing management focus and streamlining decision making. While we believe that the anticipated benefits of the acquisition are achievable, it is possible that we may not be able to realize some or even a significant portion of such benefits, or may not be able to achieve them within the anticipated time frame. If we are unable to realize a significant portion of the anticipated benefits, or if it takes us significantly longer than expected to realize such benefits, our future results of operations may be adversely affected and we may not be able to meet investors' expectations or achieve our long-term growth objectives, which could negatively affect the value of your investment in our Company.
Our indebtedness increased significantly as a result of the acquisition of CCE's North American business. Our higher level of indebtedness will increase our borrowing costs and interest expense in future periods and, therefore, may adversely affect our financial performance.
As a result of the CCE transaction, we assumed $7.9 billion of debt from CCE. Our increased level of indebtedness and resulting higher borrowing costs and interest expense may reduce amounts available for dividends, stock repurchases, capital expenditures and acquisitions, and may cause rating agencies to downgrade our debt, all of which could have adverse effects on our future financial performance.
Our pension expense increased substantially as a result of the acquisition of CCE's North American business and we may incur multi-employer plan withdrawal liabilities in the future, which could negatively impact our financial performance.
Our total pension expense for 2011 was $249 million compared with $176 million for 2010. Most of the pension expense increase in 2011 was due to the full year impact of our acquisition of CCE's North American business and a decrease in the Company's discount rate compared to 2010. In addition, the Company's expense for U.S. multi-employer pension plans totaled $69 million in 2011, of which $32 million was related to our withdrawal from certain of these plans. The U.S. multi-employer pension plans in which we currently participate have contractual arrangements that extend into 2017. If, in the future, we choose to withdraw from any of the multi-employer pension plans in which we participate, we will likely need to record withdrawal liabilities which could negatively impact our financial performance in the applicable periods.
Continuing uncertainty in the credit and equity markets may adversely affect our financial performance.
The global credit markets experienced unprecedented disruptions during late 2008 and early 2009. While credit market conditions have improved somewhat since the crisis, the improvements have not been uniform. In addition, the sovereign debt crisis affecting various countries in the European Union is creating further uncertainties in the global credit markets. The cost and availability of credit vary by market and are subject to changes in the global or regional economic environment. If the current uncertain conditions in the credit markets continue or worsen, our ability to access credit markets on favorable terms may be negatively affected, which could increase our cost of borrowing. In addition, the current uncertain credit market conditions may make it more difficult for our bottling partners to access financing on terms comparable to those available prior to the global credit crisis, which would affect the Coca-Cola system's profitability as well as our share of the income of bottling partners in which we have equity method investments. The current uncertain global credit market conditions and their actual or perceived effects on our and our major bottling partners' results of operations and financial condition, along with the current unfavorable economic environment in the United States and much of the world, may increase the likelihood that the major independent credit agencies will downgrade our credit ratings, which could have a negative effect on our borrowing costs.
In addition, some of the major financial institutions remain fragile, and the counterparty risk associated with our existing derivative financial instruments remains higher than pre-crisis levels. Therefore, we may be unable to secure creditworthy counterparties for derivative transactions in the future or may incur higher than anticipated costs in our hedging activities. The decrease in availability of consumer credit resulting from the financial crisis, as well as general unfavorable economic conditions, may also cause consumers to reduce their discretionary spending, which would reduce the demand for our beverages and negatively affect our net operating revenues and the Coca-Cola system's profitability.

12



Increased competition could hurt our business.
The nonalcoholic beverage segment of the commercial beverage industry is highly competitive. We compete with major international beverage companies that, like our Company, operate in multiple geographic areas, as well as numerous companies that are primarily local in operation. In many countries in which we do business, including the United States, PepsiCo, Inc. is a primary competitor. Other significant competitors include, but are not limited to, Nestlé, Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc., Groupe Danone, Kraft Foods Inc. and Unilever. In certain markets, our competition includes major beer companies. Our beverage products also compete against local or regional brands as well as against store or private label brands developed by retailers, some of which are Coca-Cola system customers. Our ability to gain or maintain share of sales or gross margins in the global market or in various local markets may be limited as a result of actions by competitors.
If we are unable to expand our operations in developing and emerging markets, our growth rate could be negatively affected.
Our success depends in part on our ability to grow our business in developing and emerging markets, which in turn depends on economic and political conditions in those markets and on our ability to acquire bottling operations in those markets or to form strategic business alliances with local bottlers and to make necessary infrastructure enhancements to production facilities, distribution networks, sales equipment and technology. Moreover, the supply of our products in developing and emerging markets must match consumers' demand for those products. Due to product price, limited purchasing power and cultural differences, there can be no assurance that our products will be accepted in any particular developing or emerging market.
Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could affect our financial results.
We earn revenues, pay expenses, own assets and incur liabilities in countries using currencies other than the U.S. dollar, including the euro, the Japanese yen, the Brazilian real and the Mexican peso. In 2011, we used 72 functional currencies in addition to the U.S. dollar and derived $27.8 billion of net operating revenues from operations outside the United States. Because our consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars, we must translate revenues, income and expenses, as well as assets and liabilities, into U.S. dollars at exchange rates in effect during or at the end of each reporting period. Therefore, increases or decreases in the value of the U.S. dollar against other major currencies affect our net operating revenues, operating income and the value of balance sheet items denominated in foreign currencies. In addition, unexpected and dramatic devaluations of currencies in developing or emerging markets, such as the devaluation of the Venezuelan bolivar, could negatively affect the value of our earnings from, and of the assets located in, those markets. Because of the geographic diversity of our operations, weaknesses in some currencies might be offset by strengths in others over time. We also use derivative financial instruments to further reduce our net exposure to currency exchange rate fluctuations. However, we cannot assure you that fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against major currencies or the currencies of large developing countries, would not materially affect our financial results.
If interest rates increase, our net income could be negatively affected.
We maintain levels of debt that we consider prudent based on our cash flows, interest coverage ratio and percentage of debt to capital. We use debt financing to lower our cost of capital, which increases our return on shareowners' equity. This exposes us to adverse changes in interest rates. When appropriate, we use derivative financial instruments to reduce our exposure to interest rate risks. We cannot assure you, however, that our financial risk management program will be successful in reducing the risks inherent in exposures to interest rate fluctuations. In addition, our exposure to fluctuating interest rates has increased as a result of the indebtedness we assumed in connection with the acquisition of CCE's North American business. Our interest expense may also be affected by our credit ratings. In assessing our credit strength, credit rating agencies consider our capital structure and financial policies as well as the consolidated balance sheet and other financial information for the Company. In addition, some credit rating agencies also consider financial information for certain major bottlers. It is our expectation that the credit rating agencies will continue using this methodology. If our credit ratings were to be downgraded as a result of changes in our capital structure; our major bottlers' financial performance; changes in the credit rating agencies' methodology in assessing our credit strength; the credit agencies' perception of the impact of the continuing unfavorable credit conditions on our or our major bottlers' current or future financial performance and financial condition; or for any other reason, our cost of borrowing could increase. Additionally, if the credit ratings of certain bottlers in which we have equity method investments were to be downgraded, such bottlers' interest expense could increase, which would reduce our equity income.
We rely on our bottling partners for a significant portion of our business. If we are unable to maintain good relationships with our bottling partners, our business could suffer.
We generate a significant portion of our net operating revenues by selling concentrates and syrups to independent bottling partners. As independent companies, our bottling partners, some of which are publicly traded companies, make their own business decisions that may not always align with our interests. In addition, many of our bottling partners have the right to 

13



manufacture or distribute their own products or certain products of other beverage companies. If we are unable to provide an appropriate mix of incentives to our bottling partners through a combination of pricing and marketing and advertising support, or if our bottling partners are not satisfied with our brand innovation and development efforts, they may take actions that, while maximizing their own short-term profits, may be detrimental to our Company or our brands, or they may devote more of their energy and resources to business opportunities or products other than those of the Company. Such actions could, in the long run, have an adverse effect on our profitability.
If our bottling partners' financial condition deteriorates, our business and financial results could be affected.
We derive a significant portion of our net operating revenues from sales of concentrates and syrups to our bottling partners and, therefore, the success of our business depends on our bottling partners' financial strength and profitability. While under our bottling partners' agreements we generally have the right to unilaterally change the prices we charge for our concentrates and syrups, our ability to do so may be materially limited by our bottling partners' financial condition and their ability to pass price increases along to their customers. In addition, we have investments in certain of our bottling partners, which we account for under the equity method, and our operating results include our proportionate share of such bottling partners' income or loss. Our bottling partners' financial condition is affected in large part by conditions and events that are beyond our and their control, including competitive and general market conditions in the territories in which they operate; the availability of capital and other financing resources on reasonable terms; loss of major customers; or disruptions of bottling operations that may be caused by strikes, work stoppages, labor unrest or natural disasters. A deterioration of the financial condition or results of operations of one or more of our major bottling partners could adversely affect our net operating revenues from sales of concentrates and syrups; could result in a decrease in our equity income; and could negatively affect the carrying values of our investments in bottling partners, resulting in asset write-offs.
Increases in income tax rates or changes in income tax laws could have a material adverse impact on our financial results.
We are subject to income tax in the United States and in numerous other jurisdictions in which we generate net operating revenues. Increases in income tax rates could reduce our after-tax income from affected jurisdictions. In addition, there have been proposals to reform U.S. tax laws that could significantly impact how U.S. multinational corporations are taxed on foreign earnings. We earn a substantial portion of our income in foreign countries. Although we cannot predict whether or in what form these proposals will pass, several of the proposals being considered, if enacted into law, could have a material adverse impact on our tax expense and cash flow.
Increased or new indirect taxes in the United States or in one or more of our other major markets could negatively affect our business.
Our business operations are subject to numerous duties or taxes that are not based on income, sometimes referred to as "indirect taxes," including import duties, excise taxes, sales or value-added taxes, property taxes and payroll taxes, in many of the jurisdictions in which we operate, including indirect taxes imposed by state and local governments. In addition, in the past, the United States Congress considered imposing a federal excise tax on beverages sweetened with sugar, HFCS or other nutritive sweeteners and may consider similar proposals in the future. As federal, state and local governments experience significant budget deficits, some lawmakers have proposed singling out beverages among a plethora of revenue-raising items. Increases in or the imposition of new indirect taxes on our business operations or products would increase the cost of products or, to the extent levied directly on consumers, make our products less affordable, which may negatively impact our net operating revenues.
If we are unable to renew collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms, or we or our bottling partners experience strikes, work stoppages or labor unrest, our business could suffer.
Many of our associates at our key manufacturing locations and bottling plants are covered by collective bargaining agreements. With the acquisition of CCE's North American business on October 2, 2010, the number of our associates in North America represented by labor unions substantially increased to approximately 19,000 as of December 31, 2011. While we generally have been able to renegotiate collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms when they expire and regard our relations with associates and their representatives as generally satisfactory, negotiations in the current environment remain challenging, as the Company must have competitive cost structures in each market while meeting the compensation and benefits needs of our associates. If we are unable to renew collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms, our labor costs could increase, which would affect our profit margins. In addition, many of our bottling partners' employees are represented by labor unions. Strikes, work stoppages or other forms of labor unrest at any of our major manufacturing facilities or at our or our major bottlers' plants could impair our ability to supply concentrates and syrups to our bottling partners or our bottlers' ability to supply finished beverages to customers, which would reduce our net operating revenues and could expose us to customer claims.

14



Increase in the cost, disruption of supply or shortage of energy could affect our profitability.
CCR, our North America bottling and customer service organization, and our Company-owned or controlled bottlers operate a large fleet of trucks and other motor vehicles to distribute and deliver beverage products to customers. In addition, we use a significant amount of electricity, natural gas and other energy sources to operate our concentrate plants and the bottling plants and distribution facilities operated by CCR and our Company-owned or controlled bottlers. An increase in the price, disruption of supply or shortage of fuel and other energy sources in North America, in other countries in which we have concentrate plants, or in any of the major markets in which our Company-owned or controlled bottlers operate that may be caused by increasing demand or by events such as natural disasters, power outages or the like would increase our operating costs and negatively impact our profitability.
Our bottling partners also operate large fleets of trucks and other motor vehicles to distribute and deliver beverage products to their own customers and use a significant amount of electricity, natural gas and other energy sources to operate their own bottling plants and distribution facilities. Increases in the price, disruption of supply or shortage of fuel and other energy sources in any of the major markets in which our bottling partners operate would increase the affected bottling partners' operating costs and could indirectly negatively impact our results of operations.
Increase in the cost, disruption of supply or shortage of ingredients, other raw materials or packaging materials could harm our business.
We and our bottling partners use various ingredients in our business, including HFCS, sucrose, aspartame, saccharin, acesulfame potassium, sucralose, ascorbic acid, citric acid, phosphoric acid and caramel color, other raw materials such as orange and other citrus fruit juice and juice concentrates, as well as packaging materials such as PET for bottles and aluminum for cans. The prices for these ingredients, other raw materials and packaging materials fluctuate depending on market conditions. Substantial increases in the prices of our or our bottling partners' ingredients, other raw materials and packaging materials, to the extent they cannot be recouped through increases in the prices of finished beverage products, would increase our and the Coca-Cola system's operating costs and could reduce our profitability. Increases in the prices of our finished products resulting from a higher cost of ingredients, other raw materials and packaging materials could affect affordability in some markets and reduce Coca-Cola system sales. In addition, some of our ingredients, such as aspartame, acesulfame potassium, sucralose, saccharin and ascorbic acid, as well as some of the packaging containers, such as aluminum cans, are available from a limited number of suppliers, some of which are located in countries experiencing political or other risks. We cannot assure you that we and our bottling partners will be able to maintain favorable arrangements and relationships with these suppliers.
The citrus industry is subject to the variability of weather conditions, which affect the supply of orange juice and orange juice concentrate, which are important raw materials for our business. In particular, freezing weather or hurricanes in central Florida may result in shortages and higher prices for orange juice and orange juice concentrate throughout the industry. In addition, in December 2011, we learned that orange juice from Brazil contained residues of carbendazim, a fungicide that is not registered in the U.S. for use on food products. The Company uses Brazilian orange juice and orange juice concentrate to make various orange juice products for distribution in the U.S. under the Simply Orange and Minute Maid brands. The Company disclosed to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the "FDA") that carbendazim had been detected in orange juice from Brazil. The Company also informed the FDA that orange juice and orange juice concentrate from all or most suppliers in Brazil contained the prohibited residues. The FDA subsequently issued a letter stating that carbendazim at the low levels reported as present in finished orange juice products in the U.S. "does not raise safety concerns." In addition, however, the FDA stated that it "will deny entry into the U.S. to shipments [of orange juice] that test positive for carbendazim." Because the FDA will refuse admission of orange juice and orange juice concentrate containing carbendazim, the supply of orange juice and orange juice concentrate from Brazil and other exporting countries to the U.S. will be reduced in 2012 and may be negatively affected beyond 2012. This has required us to make additional purchases of Florida juice at a higher cost than Brazilian juice. Depending on consumer demand, additional purchases of Florida juice may be necessary in the future.
An increase in the cost, a sustained interruption in the supply, or a shortage of some of these ingredients, other raw materials, packaging materials or cans and other containers that may be caused by a deterioration of our or our bottling partners' relationships with suppliers; by supplier quality and reliability issues; or by events such as natural disasters, power outages, labor strikes, political uncertainties or governmental instability, or the like, could negatively impact our net revenues and profits. Because manufacturing and bottling operations are heavy users of ingredients and packaging materials, our Company's direct exposure to the risk of an increase in the cost, disruption of supply or shortage of ingredients or packaging materials has increased as a result of our acquisition of CCE's North American business.

15



Changes in laws and regulations relating to beverage containers and packaging could increase our costs and reduce demand for our products.
We and our bottlers currently offer nonrefillable, recyclable containers in the United States and in various other markets around the world. Legal requirements have been enacted in various jurisdictions in the United States and overseas requiring that deposits or certain ecotaxes or fees be charged for the sale, marketing and use of certain nonrefillable beverage containers. Other proposals relating to beverage container deposits, recycling, ecotax and/or product stewardship have been introduced in various jurisdictions in the United States and overseas, and we anticipate that similar legislation or regulations may be proposed in the future at local, state and federal levels, both in the United States and elsewhere. Consumers' increased concerns and changing attitudes about solid waste streams and environmental responsibility and related publicity could result in the adoption of such legislation or regulations. If these types of requirements are adopted and implemented on a large scale in any of the major markets in which we operate, they could affect our costs or require changes in our distribution model, which could reduce our net operating revenues or profitability.
Significant additional labeling or warning requirements may inhibit sales of affected products.
Various jurisdictions may seek to adopt significant additional product labeling or warning requirements relating to the content or perceived adverse health consequences of certain of our products. If these types of requirements become applicable to one or more of our major products under current or future environmental or health laws or regulations, they may inhibit sales of such products. One such law, which is in effect in California and is known as Proposition 65, requires that a warning appear on any product sold in California that contains a substance that, in the view of the state, causes cancer or birth defects. The state maintains lists of these substances and periodically adds other substances to these lists. Proposition 65 exposes all food and beverage producers to the possibility of having to provide warnings on their products in California because it does not provide for any generally applicable quantitative threshold below which the presence of a listed substance is exempt from the warning requirement. Consequently, the detection of even a trace amount of a listed substance can subject an affected product to the requirement of a warning label. However, Proposition 65 does not require a warning if the manufacturer of a product can demonstrate that the use of the product in question exposes consumers to a daily quantity of a listed substance that is below a "safe harbor" threshold that may be established, is naturally occurring, is the result of necessary cooking, or is subject to another applicable exception. One or more substances that are currently on the Proposition 65 lists, or that may be added to the lists in the future, can be detected in Company products at low levels that are safe. With respect to substances that have not yet been listed under Proposition 65, the Company takes the position that listing is not scientifically justified. With respect to substances that are already listed, the Company takes the position that the presence of each such substance in Company products is subject to an applicable exemption from the warning requirement. The State of California or other parties, however, may take a contrary position. If we were required to add Proposition 65 warnings on the labels of one or more of our beverage products produced for sale in California, the resulting consumer reaction to the warnings and possible adverse publicity could negatively affect our sales both in California and in other markets.
Unfavorable general economic conditions in the United States or in other major markets could negatively impact our financial performance.
Unfavorable general economic conditions, such as a recession or economic slowdown in the United States or in one or more of our other major markets, could negatively affect the affordability of, and consumer demand for, some of our beverages. Under difficult economic conditions, consumers may seek to reduce discretionary spending by forgoing purchases of our products or by shifting away from our beverages to lower-priced products offered by other companies, including private label brands. Softer consumer demand for our beverages in the United States or in other major markets could reduce the Coca-Cola system's profitability and could negatively affect our financial performance.
Unfavorable economic and political conditions in international markets could hurt our business.
We derive a significant portion of our net operating revenues from sales of our products in international markets. In 2011, our operations outside the United States accounted for $27.8 billion of our net operating revenues. Unfavorable economic and political conditions, including civil unrest and governmental changes, in certain of our international markets, as well as the financial uncertainties in the euro zone, could undermine consumer confidence and reduce consumers' purchasing power, thereby reducing demand for our products. In addition, product boycotts resulting from political activism could reduce demand for our products, while restrictions on our ability to transfer earnings or capital across borders which may be imposed or expanded as a result of political and economic instability could impact our profitability. Without limiting the generality of the preceding sentences, the unfavorable business environment in Venezuela; the current unstable economic and political conditions and civil unrest and political activism in the Middle East, India, Pakistan or the Philippines; the civil unrest and instability in Egypt and other countries in North Africa; the unstable situation in Iraq; or the continuation or escalation of terrorist activities could adversely impact our international business.

16



Litigation or legal proceedings could expose us to significant liabilities and damage our reputation.
We are party to various litigation claims and legal proceedings. We evaluate these litigation claims and legal proceedings to assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and to estimate, if possible, the amount of potential losses. Based on these assessments and estimates, we establish reserves and/or disclose the relevant litigation claims or legal proceedings, as appropriate. These assessments and estimates are based on the information available to management at the time and involve a significant amount of management judgment. We caution you that actual outcomes or losses may differ materially from those envisioned by our current assessments and estimates. In addition, we have bottling and other business operations in markets with high-risk legal compliance environments. Our policies and procedures require strict compliance by our associates and agents with all United States and local laws and regulations and consent orders applicable to our business operations, including those prohibiting improper payments to government officials. Nonetheless, we cannot assure you that our policies, procedures and related training programs will always ensure full compliance by our associates and agents with all applicable legal requirements. Improper conduct by our associates or agents could damage our reputation in the United States and internationally or lead to litigation or legal proceedings that could result in civil or criminal penalties, including substantial monetary fines, as well as disgorgement of profits.
Adverse weather conditions could reduce the demand for our products.
The sales of our products are influenced to some extent by weather conditions in the markets in which we operate. Unusually cold or rainy weather during the summer months may have a temporary effect on the demand for our products and contribute to lower sales, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations for such periods.
If product safety or quality issues, or negative publicity, even if unwarranted, damage our brand image and corporate reputation, our business may suffer.
Our success depends on our ability to maintain consumer confidence in the safety and quality of our products. Our success also depends on our ability to maintain the brand image of our existing products, build up brand image for new products and brand extensions, and maintain our corporate reputation. We cannot assure you, however, that our commitment to product safety and quality and our continuing investment in advertising and marketing will have the desired impact on our products' brand image and on consumer preferences. Product safety or quality issues, actual or perceived, or allegations of product contamination, even when false or unfounded, could tarnish the image of the affected brands and may cause consumers to choose other products. Allegations of product safety or quality issues or contamination, even if untrue, may require us from time to time to recall a beverage or other product from all of the markets in which the affected production was distributed. Such issues or recalls could negatively affect our profitability and brand image. In some emerging markets, the production and sale of counterfeit or "spurious" products, which we and our bottling partners may not be able to fully combat, may damage the image and reputation of our products. In addition, campaigns by activists attempting to connect us or our bottling system with human and workplace rights issues in certain emerging markets could adversely impact our corporate image and reputation. For example, in June 2011, the United Nations Human Rights Council endorsed the Guiding Principles for Business and Human Rights, which outlines how businesses should implement the corporate responsibility to respect human rights principles included in the UN "Protect, Respect and Remedy" framework on human rights. Through our Human Rights Statement and Workplace Rights Policy and Supplier Guiding Principles, and our participation in the United Nations Global Compact and its LEAD program, as well as our active participation in the Global Business Initiative on Human Rights, we have made a number of commitments to respect all human rights. Allegations that we are not respecting any of the 30 human rights found in the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights, even if untrue, could have a significant impact on our corporate reputation and long-term financial results. Also, adverse publicity surrounding obesity and health concerns related to our products, water usage, environmental concerns, labor relations and the like, could negatively affect our Company's overall reputation and our products' acceptance by consumers.

Changes in, or failure to comply with, the laws and regulations applicable to our products or our business operations could increase our costs or reduce our net operating revenues.
Our Company's business is subject to various laws and regulations in the numerous countries throughout the world in which we do business, including laws and regulations relating to competition, product safety, advertising and labeling, container deposits, recycling or stewardship, the protection of the environment, and employment and labor practices. In the United States, the production, distribution and sale of many of our products are subject to, among others, the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, the Federal Trade Commission Act, the Lanham Act, state consumer protection laws, the Occupational Safety and Health Act, and various environmental statutes, as well as various state and local statutes and regulations. Outside the United States, the production, distribution, sale, advertising and labeling of many of our products are also subject to various laws and regulations. Changes in applicable laws or regulations or evolving interpretations thereof, including increased government regulations to limit carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions as a result of concern over climate change or to limit or 

17



eliminate the use of bisphenol-A, or BPA (an odorless, tasteless food-grade chemical commonly used in the food and beverage industries as a component in the coating of the interior of cans), may result in increased compliance costs, capital expenditures and other financial obligations for us and our bottling partners, which could affect our profitability or impede the production or distribution of our products, which could affect our net operating revenues. In addition, failure to comply with environmental, health or safety requirements and other applicable laws or regulations could result in the assessment of damages, the imposition of penalties, suspension of production, changes to equipment or processes, or a cessation of operations at our or our bottling partners' facilities, as well as damage to our and the Coca-Cola system's image and reputation, all of which could harm our and the Coca-Cola system's profitability.
Changes in accounting standards could affect our reported financial results.
New accounting standards or pronouncements that may become applicable to our Company from time to time, or changes in the interpretation of existing standards and pronouncements, could have a significant effect on our reported results for the affected periods.
If we are not able to achieve our overall long-term goals, the value of an investment in our Company could be negatively affected.
We have established and publicly announced certain long-term growth objectives. These objectives were based on our evaluation of our growth prospects, which are generally based on volume and sales potential of many product types, some of which are more profitable than others, and on an assessment of the potential price and product mix. There can be no assurance that we will achieve the required volume or revenue growth or the mix of products necessary to achieve our long-term growth objectives.
If we are unable to realize the significant benefits from our productivity and reinvestment program, our financial results could be negatively affected. 
We believe that productivity gains are essential to achieving our long-term growth objectives and, therefore, a leading priority of our Company is to design and implement the most effective and efficient business system possible. As part of our efforts to become more efficient, leaner and adaptive to changing market conditions, we recently announced a productivity and reinvestment program consisting of (i) a new productivity initiative focused on global supply chain optimization, global marketing and innovation effectiveness, operating expense leverage, operational excellence and data and information technology systems standardization; and (ii) an expansion of our initiative to capture CCR integration synergies in North America, focused primarily on our North American product supply. We expect to incur significant costs to capture these savings and additional synergies. We intend to invest the savings generated by this program to enhance ongoing systemwide brand-building initiatives and also to mitigate potential incremental near-term commodity costs. If we are unable to successfully implement our productivity and reinvestment program, or if we are unable to capture the anticipated savings and additional synergies, our financial results could be negatively affected. 
If we are unable to protect our information systems against service interruption, misappropriation of data or breaches of security, our operations could be disrupted and our reputation may be damaged.
We rely on networks and information systems and other technology ("information systems"), including the Internet and third-party hosted services, to support a variety of business processes and activities, including procurement and supply chain, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing and collection of payments. We use information systems to process financial information and results of operations for internal reporting purposes and to comply with regulatory financial reporting, legal and tax requirements. In addition, we depend on information systems for digital marketing activities and electronic communications among our locations around the world and between Company personnel and our bottlers and other customers, suppliers and consumers. Because information systems are critical to many of the Company's operating activities, our business processes may be impacted by system shutdowns or service disruptions. These disruptions may be caused by failures during routine operations such as system upgrades or user errors, as well as network or hardware failures, malicious or disruptive software, computer hackers, geopolitical events, natural disasters, failures or impairments of telecommunications networks, or other catastrophic events. In addition, such events could result in unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. If our information systems suffer severe damage, disruption or shutdown and our business continuity plans do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner, we could experience delays in reporting our financial results and we may lose revenue and profits as a result of our inability to timely manufacture, distribute, invoice and collect payments for concentrate or finished products. Misuse, leakage or falsification of information could result in a violation of data privacy laws and regulations and damage the reputation and credibility of the Company and have a negative impact on net operating revenues. In addition, we may suffer financial and reputational damage because of lost or misappropriated confidential information belonging to us or to our bottling partners, other customers, suppliers or consumers. The Company could also be required to spend significant financial and other 

18



resources to remedy the damage caused by a security breach or to repair or replace networks and information systems.
Like most major corporations, the Company's information systems are a target of attacks. In order to address potential risks to our information systems, we continue to make investments in personnel, technologies, cyberinsurance, training of Company personnel, bottlers and third parties. The Company maintains an information risk management program which is supervised by information technology management and reviewed by a cross-functional committee. As part of this program, reports which include analysis of emerging risks as well as the Company's plans and strategies to address them are regularly prepared and presented to senior management.
We may be required to recognize additional impairment charges which could materially affect our financial results.
We assess our goodwill, trademarks and other intangible assets as well as our other long-lived assets as and when required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States to determine whether they are impaired and, if they are, we record appropriate impairment charges. Our equity method investees also perform impairment tests, and we record our proportionate share of impairment charges recorded by them adjusted, as appropriate, for the impact of items such as basis differences, deferred taxes and deferred gains. It is possible that we may be required to record significant impairment charges or our proportionate share of significant charges recorded by equity method investees in the future and, if we do so, our operating or equity income could be materially adversely affected.
If we do not successfully integrate and manage our Company-owned or controlled bottling operations, our results could suffer.
From time to time we acquire or take control of bottling operations, often in underperforming markets where we believe we can use our resources and expertise to improve performance. We may incur unforeseen liabilities and obligations in connection with acquiring, taking control of or managing bottling operations and may encounter unexpected difficulties and costs in restructuring and integrating them into our Company's operating and internal control structures. We may also experience delays in extending our Company's internal control over financial reporting to newly acquired or controlled bottling operations, which may increase the risk of failure to prevent misstatements in such operations' financial records and in our consolidated financial statements. In 2011, net operating revenues generated by our Bottling Investments group (which includes Company-owned or controlled bottling operations other than those managed by CCR) represented approximately 18 percent of our Company's consolidated net operating revenues. Our financial performance depends in large part on how well we can manage and improve the performance of Company-owned or controlled bottling operations. We cannot assure you, however, that we will be able to achieve our strategic and financial objectives for such bottling operations. If we are unable to achieve such objectives, our consolidated results could be negatively affected.
Climate change may negatively affect our business.
There is increasing concern that a gradual increase in global average temperatures due to increased concentration of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere will cause significant changes in weather patterns around the globe and an increase in the frequency and severity of natural disasters. Decreased agricultural productivity in certain regions as a result of changing weather patterns may limit availability or increase the cost of key agricultural commodities, such as sugarcane, corn, beets, citrus, coffee and tea, which are important ingredients for our products. Increased frequency or duration of extreme weather conditions could also impair production capabilities, disrupt our supply chain or impact demand for our products. Climate change may also exacerbate water scarcity and cause a further deterioration of water quality in affected regions, which could limit water availability for our system's bottling operations. As a result, the effects of climate change could have a long-term adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
Global or regional catastrophic events could impact our operations and financial results.
Because of our global presence and worldwide operations, our business can be affected by large-scale terrorist acts, especially those directed against the United States or other major industrialized countries; the outbreak or escalation of armed hostilities; major natural disasters; or widespread outbreaks of infectious diseases. Such events could impair our ability to manage our business around the world, could disrupt our supply of raw materials and ingredients, and could impact production, transportation and delivery of concentrates, syrups and finished products. In addition, such events could cause disruption of regional or global economic activity, which can affect consumers' purchasing power in the affected areas and, therefore, reduce demand for our products.